Add readmes to example packages (issue 5) (#11)
rosin-project/rxros2: rxros2_py_examples/README.md

# RxROS2 Python Examples

> This folder contains the RxROS2 Python examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains the RxROS2 Python examples.
```

> The purpose of the examples are to
> 1. demonstrate how a RxROS2 Python project is setup and build.
> 2. demonstrate how a RxROS2 Python program is composed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the examples is to:

1. demonstrate how a RxROS2 Python package is setup and build.
1. demonstrate how a RxROS2 Python program is composed.
```

> The RxROS2 Python examples contains four notes. Two notes demonstrate how to construct a simple `talker` using either a class or the create_note function. The remaining two notes demonstrate how to create a simple `listener` again using either a class or the create_note function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RxROS2 Python examples contains four nodes. Two nodes demonstrate how to construct a simple `talker` using either a class or the `create_note(..)` function. The remaining two nodes demonstrate how to create a simple `listener` again using either a class or the `create_note(..)` function.
```

## Setup and Installation

> Please follow the installation instruction of the RxROS2 main page. Part of building the rxros2_ws also includes building the examples. After having completed the `colcon` command it will possible to startup the nodes as described in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the installation instructions on the RxROS2 main page. The examples will be built as part of the main build. After having completed the `colcon` command you can to start the nodes  as described in the next section.
```

## Starting the RxROS2 Python Nodes

After having built RxROS2, you may try to start any of the following RxROS2 nodes:

```bash
# RxROS2+RxCpp based nodes
ros2 run rxros2_py_examples talker_new_style
ros2 run rxros2_py_examples talker_old_style
```

> The talker nodes can be combined with any of the listener nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `talker` nodes can be combined with any of the `listener` nodes:
```
